# Assignment 1 - Due February 4

> [!NOTE]
> This is an individual assignment and must be completed without collaboration with other students.

### Context: TCPS 2: CORE-2022 (Course on Research Ethics)
In order to conduct academic research with human subjects, you must first successfully complete the Tri-Council's Course on Research Ethics (CORE).  The entire course should take approximately 4-5 hours, so it has been split over 4 weeks.  

### Part 1 - Tasks
- Create an account on the Panel on Research Ethics website [TCPS 2: CORE-2022](https://tcps2core.ca/welcome).
- Use your UFV student email 
- For Affiliation, choose "University of Fraser Valley".
- Complete sections A1 to A5 
  - Module A1 - Introduction
  - Module A2 - Scope of TCPS 2
  - Module A3 - Risks and Benefits
  - Module A4 - Consent
  - Module A5 - Fairness and Equity

### Part 2 - Tasks
- Continue with sections A6 to A9
  - Module A6 - Privacy and Confidentiality
  - Module A7 - Conflicts of Interest
  - Module A8 - Research Ethics Board Review
  - Module A9 - Research Involving Indigenous Peoples
  - Knowledge Consolidation Exercise

> [!WARNING]
> In order to complete the assignment, you must pass the Knowledge Consolidation Exercise.  You can take the exercise as many times as you need to pass.  You must pass with a score of 80% or higher.

## Submission

Once you have completed the TCPS 2: CORE-2022 course, submit a PDF of your Certificate of Completion to the Assignment 1 submission folder on Blackboard.
- Rename the file to include your name and student number 
  - `TCPS2_Certificate_Name_StudentID.pdf`
  - example: `TCPS2_Certificate_Parsa_Rajabi_12345678.pdf`

**Submitting an incorrect file format or having an incorrect file name will result in deductions**